hi guys welcome back to my channel my
name is Mika and today I'm going to
reveal to you the secret of being
attractive just a disclaimer already
before I start the video this is not a
video with a list of procedures
surgeries beauty treatments product you
can use or do in order to be and feel
more beautiful so if that's what you are
looking for please get off my video I do
not want to waste your time and I
definitely cannot help you come back
once you have done and tried out all the
procedures and products and you still
feel not beautiful because that's going
to happen let's get into this first of
all I want you to know actually you need
0 to look beautiful I mean just a
question have you ever seen an ugly baby
no you haven't and you know why because
the baby is not thinking
I need to change my body I need to
change my nose the baby is pure the baby
is just carrying pure joy Pure Energy
Pure Life Force the baby is pure and
that's what you should embody be like a
baby be pure not be naive but when it's
about your beauty be pure and love
yourself as you are you need no money at
all I know in today's world that's EAS
as said and done I think we have been
advertised so many products so many
procedures so many surgeries it's
already a normal thing and there is also
nothing wrong with that I think you can
do surgeries you can do your lip fillers
you can do your Botox whatever you want
to do because you already feel beautiful
and you want to enhance how you already
feel you want to enhance how you already
look but not because you feel ugly and
now you need to change ABCD on your body
in order to feel beautiful because
that's not going to happen you will just
feel more miserable and you will feel
like there is even more to do now let's
say you feel really ugly and
uncomfortable in your body and you think
it's because of your nose for example so
you decide you're going to do a surgery
and no surgery and you are in hope that
then after you will feel so much better
so much more beautiful and everyone will
find you also more attractive you know
what's going to happen after that you
will realize first of all there is a
phase where your nose will not look like
anything because you will have the tape
the recovery downtime and whatever and
then after you will realize oh it was
not the nose the nose now is fine but
now I don't feel beautiful because of my
lips I don't feel beautiful because I
have dropping eyelids I don't feel
beautiful because I don't like my eye
color my eyebrows my cheeks my jawline
and and and you see honey that's where
the problem starts because you will want
to change all of your things from
outside but still the cause which is
inside of you which is how you are
feeling with yourself is not changed
so doesn't matter what you do you will
always feel the same way until you go to
the cause you cannot change and effect
the reality your looks with an effect a
surgery filler whatever you need to go
to the cause of why you are feeling this
in the first place and the cause is
within for example think about Ana from
bling Empire this series with the rich
Asians when she was younger she was
actually already beautiful she started
to do surgeries to do fillers all over
her face in order to feel more beautiful
because she didn't see herself she
didn't see her beauty and she kept doing
that because she had the money so she
thought oh I'm going to change my cheeks
now I'm going to change my nose again
now I'm going to change this that so she
overdid everything in order to feel more
beautiful to feel more fulfilled and
ended
up looking I don't want want to comment
on she end up looking like she looked
she did not look attractive but for
herself it was still not enough so she
thought with doing all of this she will
end up one day feeling herself beautiful
unfortunately she died recently and I
doubt she really felt herself beautiful
which is so sad so what you need to do
is to feel be first from inside and yes
that's easier said than done but
everywhere where is a will there is a
way and I am talking from experience
again if I find a picture from myself
when I
was a bit younger maybe 20 21 you will
be shocked I did not look like this and
it's an inside thing honey what you need
to do is to take care of yourself from
within first you need to feel and look
beautiful from inside once you feel
already like you're the most mesmerizing
and beautiful person that you are then
do all the surgeries do everything you
want but before please work on your
inside first I guess you will be
thinking now how do I work on myself how
do I start to feel myself more beautiful
if I'm just not feeling myself more
beautiful I got you because I know
exactly where you are standing and how
you are feeling at this moment there are
so many things you can do in order to
feel and to be more beautiful from
within but first I want you to look at
woman which you find attractive and ask
yourself what do I find attractive in
this person is it the glass clear skin
is it the body is it fake long hair and
usually I tell you it's those attributes
it's thick and long hair it's glass
clear and Perfect Skin it's a fit and
slim body type
and how the person is bringing themsel
up most of the time how the person
is bringing themsel up how the person is
sitting
talking carrying herself that's what you
find attractive and the other things
which are seen from outside those are
actually attributes from being healthy
so in the end you do not need to focus
on how can I be and feel more beautiful
you need to focus on how can I be and
feel more healthy if you're healthy if
your gut is healthy you will have
healthy skin you will have healthy hair
you will have a healthy body if you
watch out what you eat you eat healthy
because you want to be healthy not you
want to be skinny
you take care of what you do and what
you consume on a daily basis not only on
food also your thoughts and your music
the people you are surrounded with all
of this is playing into how you are
feeling about yourself and once you are
on the way to being your Healthy version
of yourself suddenly you will also feel
more beautiful it goes hand in hand once
you are healthy your skin is glowing you
are happy with your life the energy you
are bringing out in the world the energy
you are going through the day with is
what makes you actually beautiful and
attractive and then if you still want to
do the surgery if you still want to do
your fers do it but don't do it other
ways don't mix the things up from with
in first you need to understand that you
want to look healthy not beautiful honey
you cannot feel and be healthy if you
eat fast food and sweets every single
day you cannot feel and be healthy if
you are watching TV all day and not
doing anything with your life you cannot
feel and be healthy if you are not doing
anything that makes you feel joy that
makes you feel proud of yourself this
plays all into feeling and being healthy
and feeling and being healthy again
plays into feeling and being beautiful
there are so many quotes that say as
within as without and that's literally
it as everything else you need to be it
first in order to get it you need to be
and feel first beautiful in order to be
and feel it if you're thinking now but
you're so beautiful how can you say this
to me I'm ugly I was born ugly and I
will always be ugly if you're in this
pessimistic point of view you will
always be and feel ugly girl wake up
please if I'm showing you a picture from
me a few years ago you will think this
is a different person I was anorexic I
was skinny I didn't love myself I didn't
like myself I didn't like my whole life
I was just miserable and it showed on my
face I looked 20 years older so please
believe me I am talking from experience
I'm telling you you have to work on your
inside you have to feel beautiful from
your inside and you can do things like
eating healthy take your vitamins go to
the doctor if you have severe acne and
you can change your friends if your
friends are just not supporting you in
being the better version of yourself if
your friends are dragging you down you
think that's going to help you in being
more beautiful if your friends are
dragging you down and they are having a
pessimistic point of view in life how do
you think does this impact you of course
you will also be pessimistic so just do
what's necessary in order for you to
feel more beautiful respect yourself
more watch my other video about how to
respect yourself more it's everything
starting within yourself and I want you
to remember that honey this year I want
you to fall in love with who you are I
want you to treat yourself like the
person you are in love with I want you
to feel the best version of how you can
possibly feel I want you to feel
mesmerizing to feel beautiful and to see
the actual Beauty and Magic that you
have inside of yourself already you just
need to see it and I want you to wake up
and to see it with that said I want to
end this video and I want you to know
you are amazing you are working on
yourself and you are already one step
towards your better version of yourself
thank you so much for joining me
and yeah I will see you in my next video
bye-bye